x509 certificate support for iot device simulation and send-d2c-message (#529)
Azure/azure-iot-cli-extension: HISTORY.rst

  - The Device Update command group supports all `account` and `instance` related functionality.

**IoT Device updates**

* Added device registration commands, `az iot device registration create` to register a device to an individual
  enrollment or an enrollment group. Currently, devices with symmetric key and x509 certificate authentication
  are supported. Once registered, the device will show up in the linked IoT Hub and can be interacted with or
  simulated using other `az iot device` commands.

> * Added support for devices that use x509 thumbprint or CA authentication for:

Reviewer: Example suggestion for changing the note to include simulating device identities.

```suggestion
* Added support for simulating device identities that use x509 thumbprint or CA authentication, impacting the following commands:
```
